Q1:
select s.name,e.course
from students s,exams e
where s.id=e.sid and
    e.grade=(select min(e2.grade)
        from exams e2
        where s.id=e2.sid)

Q2:
select s.name, e.course
from students s, exams e
where s.id=e.sid and
    (s.major = 'CS' or s.major = 'Games Eng') and
    e.grade>=(select avg(e2.grade)+1
        from exams e2
        where s.id=e2.sid or 
            (e2.curriculum=s.major and
            s.year>e2.date))

Q0':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr 
    and t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr) 
    and t.grade=(select max(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr)

Q1':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2, professors p
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr and p.persnr=t.persnr)

Q2':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2 left join professors p on t2.studnr=p.persnr
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr)

Q2'':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2 left join professors p on t2.studnr=p.persnr
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr and p.persnr=t.persnr)

Q3':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2 full outer join professors p on t2.studnr=p.persnr
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr)        

Q4':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and t2.studnr in (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )

Q4'':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and s.studnr in (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )       

Q5':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and t2.studnr not in (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )

Q5'':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and s.studnr not in (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )

Q6':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and exists (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )

Q6'':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and exists (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        where p.persnr=s.studnr
                        )
        )

Q7':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and not exists (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        )
        )

Q7'':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t2.grade)
        from test t2
        where s.studnr=t2.studnr 
                and not exists (
                        select p.persnr 
                        from professors p
                        where p.persnr=s.studnr
                        )
        )

Q8':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t3.grade)
        from 
                ((select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)
                union
                (select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)) as t3
        where s.studnr=t3.studnr
        )

Q9':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t3.grade)
        from 
                ((select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)
                intersect
                (select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)) as t3
        where s.studnr=t3.studnr
        )

Q10':
select s.name,t.lecturenr
from students s, test t
where s.studnr=t.studnr and
    t.grade=(select min(t3.grade)
        from 
                ((select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)
                except
                (select t2.studnr, t2.grade from test t2)) as t3
        where s.studnr=t3.studnr
        )